Update digitizing detail geometry (#145)
QGEP/docs: en/user-guide/digitizing/digitizingdetailedgeometry.rst

.. figure:: images/digitizing_detailedgeometry4.jpg

An other way is to open the **vw_qgep_wastewater_structure** form with the info tool and then choose **Digitize** in the **Actions** menu of the form.

> .. note:: If the geometry disappears after digitizing or if you get an message (like 'Teil hinzufügen'), you have probably tried to digitize over a catchment area (or an other polygon theme) and the layer has set the avoid overlap option in the snapping settings. Do change the avoid overlap settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: If the geometry disappears after digitizing or if you get an message (like 'Add part'), you have probably tried to digitize over a catchment area (or an other polygon theme) and the layer has set the avoid overlap option in the snapping settings. Do change the avoid overlap settings.
```
